Mykonos hackathon (#8554)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/mykonos-hackathon.md

---
date: 2024-05-28

> title: What we built at our Mykonos hackathon

Reviewer: I personally like have an extra descriptor here - like how we had 'sun-kissed' for Aruba.

Reviewer 2: wind swept?

Author: how romantic!

rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
author:
  - james-temperton
featuredImage: >-

>   https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/posthog.com/contents/images/blog/aruba/beach-hog.jpg

Reviewer 3: Feels like we could do something more for the header image?

Doesn't look like we managed to get a photo of the whole group, but here are a couple that could work:

- [Hackathon idea planning](https://photos.google.com/share/AF1QipPHfMFszLUAYjAuRKpPekbr8dVfAB4xpEQ5E0Z_jU5B5aV9qyQStPnW2Q__jbTsxg/photo/AF1QipMNwzk4dXlxlISHWlZbEL_FTEpvHoCzdLS1jSNv?key=NkxyaldxdlFpeTZPNGh4Y2MwcGhuLWJpM1lkOTlB) (topical!)
- [Photo on bus](https://photos.google.com/share/AF1QipPHfMFszLUAYjAuRKpPekbr8dVfAB4xpEQ5E0Z_jU5B5aV9qyQStPnW2Q__jbTsxg/photo/AF1QipNzKBRJb0DhVPdueS9Lxzgq1SeuqdrGHek-K4se?key=NkxyaldxdlFpeTZPNGh4Y2MwcGhuLWJpM1lkOTlB)

Reviewer: +1 to this - I prefer the Lottie art personally for headers, but since we already have the Greek art from the stickers @lottiecoxon did we could easily use those here

featuredImageType: full
category: Inside PostHog
tags:
  - Offsites
---

Each year, the PostHog team gets together for our all-company offsite. This year, we headed to Mykonos – not to rave, but to code. And to enjoy a cocktail or two in the sun, of course.

We’re a fully-remote company, with 47 misfits spread across ten countries. Our offsites are a really important part of our culture. They’re a great chance to get to know colleagues better and the connections formed at this time bring extra energy and creativity to our asynchronous work throughout the rest of the year.

Our all-company offsites are a mix of socializing, group activities, strategic sessions, Post-its, workshops, more Post-its, and, the star of the show, the annual PostHog hackathon. Everyone in the company has to pitch a couple of ideas, then we all vote on our favorites, assemble teams, and have a little over a day to go from pitch to demo. And, in some cases, our hackathon projects are ready to ship right away.

Here’s what we built in Mykonos.

> ### The presidential briefing

Reviewer: No offence to any particular teams here, but I think it'd be best if we can start off the list with something either very visually impactful (so we can have a cool big image), or technically cool to engineers. Something that can really start the list off with a bang: 10x Terms or Hog/Mykologs maybe.

<BuiltBy people={['Charles Cook', 'Eric Duong', 'James Hawkins', 'James Temperton']} />

As PostHog grows as a company, keeping track of everything that’s happening will get harder. Yes, we [write everything down](/newsletter/remote-working) but that creates a lot of reading, and a lot of noise. The solution? An AI-generated briefing, tailored to each individual team member and their interests.

> The Presidential Briefing was built by scraping PRs and Issues from GitHub, along with Slack messages, and then training an LLM to understand what’s interesting and important. The bot then produces a pithy briefing that removes the noise and gives people just the information they need. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The presidential briefing was built by scraping PRs and issues from GitHub, along with Slack messages, and then training an LLM to understand what’s interesting and important. The bot then produces a pithy briefing that removes the noise and gives people just the information they need. 
```

> In future, we’d want to add more data sources and build it using Llama to avoid the need to send any data to external companies.

Reviewer 2: Yup, worth adding for clarity, though I was looking at my inbox this morning and wishing this was a thing!

### MykoLogs

<BuiltBy people={["Paul D'Ambra", "Tom Owers", "Ted Kaemming"]} />

> MykoLogs is a logging product that integrates with the existing PostHog SDKs, bringing backend logs straight into a shiny new product on PostHog. The best part? You can link backend logs to session recordings through the user’s session ID – letting you debug what was happening on the backend during your user's API requests. MykoLogs plays nicely with all other PostHog products, meaning logs and session replay are now BFFs. Debugging has never been this breezy!

Reviewer 2: Would be good add something here about our plans. Are we continuing to work on this, or is this on ice for now?

Reviewer 4: Current plan is to use it internally for now, and then decide from there - I could see a world where it's picked up by "APM" peeps (session replay, with error tracking stuff)

> ### Hog

Reviewer: I think this is a really cool hackathon project which could be very important to the future of the company. Feels like we're burying the lede a little with this header. 

```suggestion
### The Hog programming language
```

> ### Hog

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Our own programming language
```

<BuiltBy people={["Marius Andra", "Anirudh Pillai"]} />

> What’s cooler than having your own query language? Having your own general purpose programming language, of course. That’s literally what we built: PostHog’s first ever programming language, Hog. 

Reviewer 2: Would be fun to add a joke about the pronunciation here

> 

Reviewer 2: I think we need an extra para in the middle here that explains a bit about why Marius wanted to build Hog. Afaik, it's something he's been thinking about for a while.

Reviewer 5: I'm unable to summarise that. I've been trying to sell this idea for a year now, and no matter how much or little I say, people look at me like I had bad mushrooms and don't get it.

---

This is what I wrote over a week ago when we were discussing the new team... feel free to do what you want with it:

> I've been pushing for Hog because I believe a language runtime of our own will pay gigantic dividends down the line. With a strong nod to this (all time best?) HN post (there are three ways to scale: [horizontal, vertical and deep](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8902739)): If this company will grow the way it's growing, one day some team/product somewhere (data warehouse, messaging, cdp, product analytics, or all) will default to taking paths 1 and 2 out of these three:
>
> 1) Let's add a trpc webassembly runtime to interpret a javascript runtime that compiles javascript into bytecode and then let it iterate over a loop and run instructions
> 2) let's add a docker service to run a sandboxed python runtime that reads python code, iterates over a loop and runs instructions
> 3) let's iterate over a loop and run instructions
>
> Path three is going deep. Paths 1 and 2 will require vertical or horizontal scaling ($$$) to keep up with 3. Path 3 does the same with less. Thing esbuild vs webpack.
>
> Our biggest threat is not an AI product doing a better job (we'd copy and outdo them in a week). No, our biggest threat is someone else becoming the "de facto" / "no brainer" all in one analytics _platform_ before we do, and outexecutes by going deeper. Everyone's trying to copy us now: everyone's doing product analytics and/or session replay and/or feature flags. The goal posts have moved.
>
> We're still ahead of the curve as we're the only ones who do SQL at this price point. We have the data warehouse. Soon everyone will do SQL, and a warehouse, and the goal posts will move yet again. They're freaking coming for us.
>
> The biggest win our users got from HogQL is this: before we couldn't build the UI fast enough compared to what the users wanted. Now we don't need to: drop down to SQL level and ask away, or pay someone to do this for you.
>
> The way our scope is growing, people will want to express more and more complex _business logic_ on top of our platform. To express this logic, we'll build more and more complex interfaces. What's the ultimate interface to express any logic? That's right, it's a programming language.
>
> Many of our future products want users to express complex flows. We'll again run out of interfaces. Hog can do for all other products what HogQL did for Product Analytics: if you need to, drop down into hacker mode (or ask a hacker/AI), and get it over with.

Author: thanks! have added a line below summarizing what feels like the key element of this

Things moved fast the week after Mykonos: we split up the existing product analytics team and built a new team to productize Hog. We plan to use Hog to build our CDP and messaging products, and might even pivot the entire company around it. It was just another PostHog hackathon, no big deal. Stay tuned for the aftermath.

### RealTimeHog 3000

<BuiltBy people={["James Greenhill", "Zach Waterfield", "Michael Matloka"]} />

Seeing people using your product live boosts dopamine levels. Probably. PostHog does that – but right now we keep you waiting a bit. Before a PostHog event is available for querying, it goes through our ingestion pipeline, where users are identified and the events themselves enriched. The process takes seconds, rarely a minute – a delay imperceptible in analytical queries, but a dopamine decrease in the live view.

> Introducing RealTimeHog 3000, a livestream service powering our first truly real-time view of user activity. The process is simple: 1. Consume the raw events from the same Kafka topic as our ingestion service. 2. Stream them to you ASAP using server-sent events. The lack of person data is a fair trade-off, because it doesn’t get more live than this. User activity appears within milliseconds of happening on the other side of the world.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Introducing RealTimeHog 3000, a livestream service powering our first truly real-time view of user activity. The process is simple: 

1. Consume the raw events from the same Kafka topic as our ingestion service. 
2. Stream them to you ASAP using server-sent events. 

The lack of person data is a fair trade-off, because it doesn’t get more live than this. User activity appears within milliseconds of happening on the other side of the world.
```

Speaking of data being processed live, perhaps at some point you’ve wondered if PostHog actually scales, or just talks the talk. To dispel any doubts, we developed one extra feature: an anonymized stream of all events being captured globally, with only the geolocation included. Hundreds of thousands of events per minute, and they look great on a 3D globe on PostHog’s website, where each event is an arc from the user’s location to that of the relevant data center. Global scale, visualized for your pleasure.

### SupportHog

<BuiltBy people={["Dylan Martin", "Tiina Turban", "Marcus Hof", "Neil Kakkar"]} />

> Our support flow currently uses Zendesk and that goes through email. This causes three problems: emails sometimes bounce, there are long delays in checking emails, and it’s really clunky to add other team members via Cc. Simply put, it’s not the most optimal flow. Imagine if instead users could instead view and respond to their open support tickets without ever having to leave PostHog – well, that's exactly what we built.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our support flow currently uses Zendesk and that goes through email. This causes three problems: emails sometimes bounce, there are long delays in checking emails, and it’s really clunky to add other team members via Cc. Simply put, it’s not the most optimal flow. 

Imagine if instead users could view and respond to their open support tickets without ever having to leave PostHog – well, that's exactly what we built.
```

> But that's not all, if you're using Zendesk then you could, in the future, add this view to your customer-facing website with just a few clicks.

Reviewer 2: What's the plan with this project now?

Reviewer 6: it's "just a few steps" as due to security there is backend side too. cc @neilkakkar  who's the TL for feature-success, who owns this. Maybe it could be a website roadmap thing people can vote on?

Reviewer 7: Yeah, wouldn't actively work on this yet, will put it on our roadmap, good idea; eventually we'll either find the capacity to take this on (when current projects are done), or maybe new hires will take this on! Until then, on the back-burner.

Reviewer 6: so the update here can say - if that's something you're interested like and follow the roadmap item.

> ### The pyramid scheme

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### The ~pyramid~ referral scheme
```

<BuiltBy people={["Ben White", "Raquel Smith", "Joe Martin"]} />

> Everyone loves a pyramid scheme, right?! Wait, no, we mean a _referral program. _Ben, Raquel, and Joe worked together to build a referral product right into PostHog. This means we can offer sweet merch, platform credits, good vibes, and other things to loyal PostHog users who lure in their friends and family. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Everyone loves a pyramid scheme, right?! Wait, no, we mean a _referral program._ Ben, Raquel, and Joe worked together to build a referral product right into PostHog. This means we can offer sweet merch, platform credits, good vibes, and other things to loyal PostHog users who lure in their friends and family. 
```

### 10x terms

<BuiltBy people={["Cory Watilo", "Andy Vandervell", "Fraser Hopper"]} />

Are you fed up with lawyers making everything so hard to understand? Are you fed up with those nerds in Brussels making us sign DPAs for everything? Not anymore! On PostHog.com, we’ve made all the legal stuff fun – and kept the lawyers happy.

First up, we summarized our [terms](/terms) and [privacy policy](/privacy) in plain English. You can still read the long, legal-y version, but it’s now way easier to understand what it actually means. And we didn’t stop there. 

Then we took on our data processing agreement, or DPA, to create a generator that makes this hugely exciting task even more fun. You can quickly populate your own form, select the data region, and, if you want, add some pizazz with fairy tale or Taylor Swift mode. DPA? [Try DPYAY!](/dpa)

### Managed Reverse Proxy

<BuiltBy people={["Frank Hamand"]} />

> Everyone loves ad-blockers. But, for a lot of our customers, they stop data from reaching PostHog. You can already deploy a reverse proxy to PostHog Cloud to get around this, but it’s a somewhat convoluted process that requires you to jump through 16 hoops and login to AWS. [Our docs on this are great](/docs/advanced/proxy), but the process is a bit intimidating and far from straightforward.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Everyone loves ad-blockers. But, for a lot of our customers, they stop data from reaching PostHog. You can already deploy a reverse proxy to PostHog Cloud to get around this, but it’s a somewhat convoluted process that requires you to jump through 16 hoops and login to AWS. [Our docs on this are great](/docs/advanced/proxy), but Frank decided to build a better solution.
```

> So we’ve gone ahead and built the reverse proxy functionality right into PostHog. The option is tucked away in the PostHog settings. Simply add in any domain you control and the system will spit out a CNAME that you then need to set in your DNS provider. Wait a few seconds for the update to happen and voila, the reverse proxy is live.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During the hackathon, he built the reverse proxy functionality right into PostHog. The option is tucked away in the PostHog settings. Simply add in any domain you control and the system will spit out a CNAME that you then need to set in your DNS provider. Wait a few seconds for the update to happen and voila, the reverse proxy is live.
```

This is effectively a database of user interviews, showing who was interviewed, who they work for, what they do, how much they pay for PostHog, the products they talked to us about, and an AI-generated summary of our user interview notes. The database is searchable and you can easily add new interviews in a couple of clicks.

The database is linked right into PostHog, making it easy to see associated user and organization profiles. It’s also hooked into Vitaly, our customer success tool, to automatically pull in more customer and business information.

HERMES also uses ChatGPT to generate a summary of the features requested during the interview based on the human-authored interview notes. This makes it easy to share actionable feedback from users directly with the product team responsible for that feature. 

As part of the project, we also revamped our system for categorizing and tracking feature requests from customers, making it easier for us to see what people want and prioritize the most important product work.

### Data crunching

<BuiltBy people={["Sandy Spicer", "Tim Glaser"]} />

> PostHog crunches a lot of data – and sometimes queries can take a while to load. To help users better understand the hard work we’re doing when they make a query, we built a loading bar that shows statistics on the data we’re crunching, and the CPU we’re throwing at each query. The loading bar is fake right now (sorry!) but the data we show is very much real.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PostHog crunches a lot of data – and sometimes queries can take a while to load. To help users better understand the hard work we’re doing when they make a query, we built a loading bar that shows statistics on the data we’re crunching, and the CPU we’re throwing at each query. The loading bar is fake right now (sorry!), but the data we show is very much real.
```

### VIP customer lookup

<BuiltBy people={["Simon Fisher"]} />

When a customer reports a problem, we want our engineers to get it fixed as soon as possible – but right now our engineers lack context on which customers to prioritize. Right now, they ping our customer success team on Slack for details on accounts. This isn’t good practice in an [async company](/newsletter/how-we-work-async), especially when this information is already written down somewhere.

> Enter the VIP Customer Lookup bot. Ping this clever little Slackbot with any customer ID and it’ll return key details of any account, including the plan they are on, how much money they spend, and who on customer success looks after the account.

Reviewer 2: Useful though this for us, I'm not sure we should include this. Not super relevant to readers given it's an entirely internal tool.

Reviewer 2: Yup, I think it's for the best.

### CLI

<BuiltBy people={["Manoel Aranda Neto", "Daniel Esneider"]} />

We build products for engineers, so there’s nothing better than bringing PostHog closer to their natural environment: the terminal.

The PostHog CLI is a command line that allows users to do a few things that are normally tucked away in the PostHog app: creating, reading, updating, deleting, and enabling or disabling feature flags, for example. The PostHog CLI authentication flow is also seamless as it spins up a new browser and allows you to log in with your SSO instead of copying and pasting tokens manually.

> In the future, the CLI could be expanded with more features such as creating surveys, and events, installing SDKs automatically, uploading debug symbols, using the CLI as a package, or even as a GitHub action. And, even better, you could do all of that with natural language, no need to memorize all commands by heart.

Reviewer 2: Is this intended for internal use only @marandaneto?

Reviewer 8: yes, it depends on backend change and we didn't roll it out because we need to check the "security side of things" first, Ben was gonna check this but not yet.

Author: @andyvan-ph lemme know what you think is best here and i can update the copy

Reviewer 2: We can just say it's internal for now, but could become public in future.

Also, would be good to have a screengrab for this.

### 4 years at PostHog

<BuiltBy people={["Coua Phang", "Kendal Hall"]} />

We’re still a young company, but some of our wonderful team members have now been with us for four years or more. So we want to celebrate them. Coua and Kendal came up with a great anniversary gift scheme, meaning our longest-serving colleagues get something special to celebrate. 

This year, Marius, Eric, James G, Lottie, Charles, and Michael all celebrate four years at PostHog and will get to pick between a fancy luggage set (handy for traveling to all-team offsites and other PostHog meet-ups) or a James Hawkins-approved coffee machine.

### Forbidden secret project

<BuiltBy people={["Lior Neu-ner", "Annika Schmid", "Mine Kansu"]} />

If a spinning globe of PostHog events doesn’t convince you we can sell to big enterprises, then our top-secret hackathon project absolutely will. If we ever ship it. Lior, Annika, and Mine use some generative AI magic to create some inspirational quotes from our fearless leader, James Hawkins. 

> Click on James’ face on our homepage and he’ll deliver some inspirational zingers that he may or may not have never actually said: “Success isn’t just about getting it right, it’s about crushing every misstep. Embrace the grind, celebrate the wins, and conquer the challenges. Challenges are just opportunities in disguise. Turn setbacks into comebacks and keep pushing forward.” Quick, someone get this on LinkedIn.

Reviewer 2: Are we shipping this? Cool if we are, but not sure we should include if not as it doesn't make much sense to anyone else unless they can try it for themselves.

Reviewer 9: OMG I forgot about this. I'll put up a PR to ship and get Eli/Cory to approve. Btw the change was to add it to our [careers page](https://posthog.com/careers), not the home page

Reviewer 9: https://github.com/PostHog/posthog.com/pull/8467

Author: Thanks!

featuredImageType: full
category: Inside PostHog
tags:
  - Offsites
---

Each year, the PostHog team gets together for our all-company offsite. This year, we headed to Mykonos – not to rave, but to code. And to enjoy a cocktail or two in the sun, of course.

As a fully-remote company with 47 misfits spread across ten countries, our offsites are a vital part of our culture. They’re a great way to get to know colleagues better, and the connections formed during offsites bring extra energy and creativity to our work throughout the rest of the year.

Our all-company offsites are a mix of socializing, group activities, strategic sessions, Post-its, workshops, more Post-its, and, the star of the show, the annual PostHog hackathon. Everyone in the company has to pitch a couple of ideas, then we all vote on our favorites, assemble teams, and have a little over a day to go from pitch to demo. 

In some cases, our hackathon projects are ready to ship right away. Some have even become core parts of our product – [session replay](/session-replay) started as a hackathon project, as did our [data warehouse beta](/docs/data-warehouse).

> Here’s what we built in Mykonos.

Author: ```suggestion
Here’s what we built in Mykonos.

![PostHog's 2024 offsite in Mykonos](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon1_e2aa8bd928.jpg)

```

## The presidential briefing

> <BuiltBy people={['Charles Cook', 'Eric Duong', 'James Hawkins', 'James Temperton']} />

Author: ```suggestion
<BuiltBy people={['Charles Cook', 'Eric Duong', 'James Hawkins', 'James Temperton']} />

![The presidential briefing](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon_president_73aa5ced1a.png)

```

### MykoLogs

<BuiltBy people={["Paul D'Ambra", "Tom Owers", "Ted Kaemming"]} />

MykoLogs is a logging product that integrates with the existing PostHog SDKs, bringing backend logs straight into a shiny new product on PostHog. The best part? You can link backend logs to session recordings through the user’s session ID – letting you debug what was happening on the backend during your user's API requests. MykoLogs plays nicely with all other PostHog products, meaning logs and session replay are now BFFs. Debugging has never been this breezy!

### Our own programming language

<BuiltBy people={["Marius Andra", "Anirudh Pillai"]} />

What’s cooler than having your own query language? Having your own general purpose programming language, of course. That’s literally what we built: PostHog’s first ever programming language, Hog. 

Things moved fast the week after Mykonos: we split up the existing product analytics team and built a new team to productize Hog. We plan to use Hog to build our CDP and messaging products, and might even pivot the entire company around it. It was just another PostHog hackathon, no big deal. Stay tuned for the aftermath.

### RealTimeHog 3000

> <BuiltBy people={["James Greenhill", "Zach Waterfield", "Michael Matloka"]} />

Reviewer 10: Also Brett!

Seeing people using your product live boosts dopamine levels. Probably. PostHog does that – but right now we keep you waiting a bit. Before a PostHog event is available for querying, it goes through our ingestion pipeline, where users are identified and the events themselves enriched. The process takes seconds, rarely a minute – a delay imperceptible in analytical queries, but a dopamine decrease in the live view.

> Introducing RealTimeHog 3000, a livestream service powering our first truly real-time view of user activity. The process is simple: 

Reviewer 10: In the Google doc I typed `livestream` in monospace – that's because that's the literal name of the service and its repo 😄 It's available here: https://github.com/PostHog/livestream, could be fun to link to it (it's safe)

Author: Ah, sorry! Adding that back in.

> Introducing RealTimeHog 3000, a livestream service powering our first truly real-time view of user activity. The process is simple: 

Author: ```suggestion
Introducing RealTimeHog 3000, a [livestream](https://github.com/PostHog/livestream) service powering our first truly real-time view of user activity. The process is simple: 
```

Imagine if instead users could view and respond to their open support tickets without ever having to leave PostHog – well, that's exactly what we built.

But that's not all, if you're using Zendesk then you could, in the future, add this view to your customer-facing website with just a few clicks.

### The ~pyramid~ referral scheme

<BuiltBy people={["Ben White", "Raquel Smith", "Joe Martin"]} />

Everyone loves a pyramid scheme, right?! Wait, no, we mean a _referral program._ Ben, Raquel, and Joe worked together to build a referral product right into PostHog. This means we can offer sweet merch, platform credits, good vibes, and other things to loyal PostHog users who lure in their friends and family. 

What’s more, as the referral program product is built right into PostHog, you can build your own for your customers. The system is hooked up to Zapier to automate the process for redeeming codes making the whole thing a doddle. It’s not shipped yet, but we’re close.

### A/B TestHog

<BuiltBy people={["Ian Vanagas", "Juraj Majerik", "Lior Neu-ner"]} />

> Want to know how to improve your website but don’t know where to start? You need A/B TestHog. Enter a website URL, click ‘Analyze’ and an ingenious generative AI system will give you a bunch of recommendations for what A/B tests you might run to take your website to the next level. These are all expertly authored by an AI, and include the goal metrics, secondary metrics, and guardrail metrics and detailed instructions of what to change for your test.

Author: ```suggestion

![A/B TestHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/abtesthog_e3f93c1afc.png)

Want to know how to improve your website but don’t know where to start? You need A/B TestHog. Enter a website URL, click ‘Analyze’ and an ingenious generative AI system will give you a bunch of recommendations for what A/B tests you might run to take your website to the next level. These are all expertly authored by an AI, and include the goal metrics, secondary metrics, and guardrail metrics and detailed instructions of what to change for your test.
```

### 10x terms

> <BuiltBy people={["Cory Watilo", "Andy Vandervell", "Fraser Hopper"]} />

Author: ```suggestion
<BuiltBy people={["Cory Watilo", "Andy Vandervell", "Fraser Hopper"]} />

![Terms, PostHog style](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon_dpyay_53b6334a36.png)
```

This is effectively a database of user interviews, showing who was interviewed, who they work for, what they do, how much they pay for PostHog, the products they talked to us about, and an AI-generated summary of our user interview notes. The database is searchable and you can easily add new interviews in a couple of clicks.

The database is linked right into PostHog, making it easy to see associated user and organization profiles. It’s also hooked into Vitaly, our customer success tool, to automatically pull in more customer and business information.

HERMES also uses ChatGPT to generate a summary of the features requested during the interview based on the human-authored interview notes. This makes it easy to share actionable feedback from users directly with the product team responsible for that feature. 

As part of the project, we also revamped our system for categorizing and tracking feature requests from customers, making it easier for us to see what people want and prioritize the most important product work.

### Data crunching

> <BuiltBy people={["Sandy Spicer", "Tim Glaser"]} />

Author: ```suggestion
<BuiltBy people={["Sandy Spicer", "Tim Glaser"]} />

![Data crunching](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon_datacrunch_525d9e362b.png)

```

## The presidential briefing

<BuiltBy people={['Charles Cook', 'Eric Duong', 'James Hawkins', 'James Temperton']} />

![The presidential briefing](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon_president_73aa5ced1a.png)

As PostHog grows as a company, keeping track of everything that’s happening will get harder. Yes, we [write everything down](/newsletter/remote-working) but that creates a lot of reading, and a lot of noise. The solution? An AI-generated briefing, tailored to each individual team member and their interests.

The presidential briefing was built by scraping PRs and issues from GitHub, along with Slack messages, and then training an LLM to understand what’s interesting and important. The bot then produces a pithy briefing that removes the noise and gives people just the information they need. 

While just a proof-of-concept for now, if we were to ship it we’d want to add more data sources and build it using Llama to avoid the need to send any data to external services.

### MykoLogs

<BuiltBy people={["Paul D'Ambra", "Tom Owers", "Ted Kaemming"]} />

> MykoLogs is a logging product that integrates with the existing PostHog SDKs, bringing backend logs straight into a shiny new product on PostHog. It's internal-only for now, but could one day be made public. The best part? You can link backend logs to session recordings through the user’s session ID – letting you debug what was happening on the backend during your user's API requests. MykoLogs plays nicely with all other PostHog products, meaning logs and session replay are now BFFs. Debugging has never been this breezy!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MykoLogs is a logging product that integrates with the existing PostHog SDKs, bringing backend logs straight into a shiny new product on PostHog. 

[IMAGE HERE OR GIF HERE]

The best part? You can link backend logs to session recordings through the user’s session ID – letting you debug what was happening on the backend during your user's API requests. MykoLogs plays nicely with all other PostHog products, meaning logs and session replay are now BFFs. Debugging has never been this breezy!

It's internal-only for now, but could one day be made public. 
```

### Our own programming language

<BuiltBy people={["Marius Andra", "Anirudh Pillai"]} />

What’s cooler than having your own query language? Having your own general purpose programming language, of course. That’s literally what we built: PostHog’s first ever programming language, Hog. (Earlier versions of this name included Hög and Höge, but turns out we're anti-umlaut.)

Things moved fast the week after Mykonos: we split up the existing product analytics team and built a new team to productize Hog. We plan to use Hog to build our CDP and messaging products, and might even pivot the entire company around it. It was just another PostHog hackathon, no big deal. Stay tuned for the aftermath.

### RealTimeHog 3000

<BuiltBy people={["James Greenhill", "Zach Waterfield", "Michael Matloka", "Brett Hoerner"]} />

> Seeing people using your product live boosts dopamine levels. Probably. PostHog does that – but right now we keep you waiting a bit. Before a PostHog event is available for querying, it goes through our ingestion pipeline, where users are identified and the events themselves enriched. The process takes seconds, rarely a minute – a delay imperceptible in analytical queries, but a dopamine decrease in the live view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Seeing people using your product live boosts dopamine levels. Probably. PostHog does that, but right now we keep you waiting a bit. Before a PostHog event is available for querying, it goes through our ingestion pipeline, where users are identified and the events themselves enriched. The process takes seconds, rarely a minute – a delay imperceptible in analytical queries, but a dopamine decrease in the live view.
```

> Introducing RealTimeHog 3000, a [livestream](https://github.com/PostHog/livestream) service powering our first truly real-time view of user activity. The process is simple: 
> 
> 1. Consume the raw events from the same Kafka topic as our ingestion service. 
> 2. Stream them to you ASAP using server-sent events. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Introducing RealTimeHog 3000, a [livestream](https://github.com/PostHog/livestream) service powering our first truly real-time view of user activity. The process is simple: 

1. Consume the raw events from the same Kafka topic as our ingestion service. 
2. Stream them to you ASAP using server-sent events. 

[GIF / VIDEO CLIP HERE]
```

This definitely needs a video clip of the feature. 15 to 20 seconds of the stream of live events from the demo would be enough.

The lack of person data is a fair trade-off, because it doesn’t get more live than this. User activity appears within milliseconds of happening on the other side of the world.

> Speaking of data being processed live, perhaps at some point you’ve wondered if PostHog actually scales, or just talks the talk. To dispel any doubts, we developed one extra feature: an anonymized stream of all events being captured globally, with only the geolocation included. Hundreds of thousands of events per minute, and they look great on a 3D globe on PostHog’s website, where each event is an arc from the user’s location to that of the relevant data center. Global scale, visualized for your pleasure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Speaking of data being processed live, perhaps at some point you’ve wondered if PostHog actually scales, or just talks the talk. To dispel any doubts, we developed one extra feature: an anonymized stream of all events being captured globally, with only the geolocation included. 

[IMAGE / CLIP HERE]

Hundreds of thousands of events per minute, and they look great on a 3D globe on PostHog’s website, where each event is an arc from the user’s location to that of the relevant data center. Global scale, visualized for your pleasure.
```

Same with this one, though a static image might be enough. There's a PR floating around with a preview build. Might get merged before we publish.

### SupportHog

<BuiltBy people={["Dylan Martin", "Tiina Turban", "Marcus Hof", "Neil Kakkar"]} />

> Our support flow currently uses Zendesk and that goes through email. This causes three problems: emails sometimes bounce, there are long delays in checking emails, and it’s really clunky to add other team members via Cc. Simply put, it’s not the most optimal flow. 
> 
> Imagine if instead users could view and respond to their open support tickets without ever having to leave PostHog – well, that's exactly what we built.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our support flow currently uses Zendesk and that goes through email. This causes three problems: emails sometimes bounce, there are long delays in checking emails, and it’s really clunky to add other team members via Cc. Simply put, it’s not the most optimal flow. 

[SCREENSHOT HERE]

Imagine if instead users could view and respond to their open support tickets without ever having to leave PostHog – well, that's exactly what we built.
```

But that's not all, if you're using Zendesk then you could, in the future, add this view to your customer-facing website with just a few clicks. Like the sound of this project? [Check out our roadmap](https://posthog.com/roadmap) and vote for it.

### The ~pyramid~ referral scheme

<BuiltBy people={["Ben White", "Raquel Smith", "Joe Martin"]} />

> Everyone loves a pyramid scheme, right?! Wait, no, we mean a _referral program._ Ben, Raquel, and Joe worked together to build a referral product right into PostHog. This means we can offer sweet merch, platform credits, good vibes, and other things to loyal PostHog users who lure in their friends and family. 
> 
> What’s more, as the referral program product is built right into PostHog, you can build your own for your customers. The system is hooked up to Zapier to automate the process for redeeming codes making the whole thing a doddle. It’s not shipped yet, but we’re close.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Everyone loves a pyramid scheme, right?! Wait, no, we mean a _referral program._ Ben, Raquel, and Joe worked together to build a referral product right into PostHog. This means we can offer sweet merch, platform credits, good vibes, and other things to loyal PostHog users who lure in their friends and family. 

[SCREENSHOT]

What’s more, as the referral program product is built right into PostHog, you can build your own for your customers. The system is hooked up to Zapier to automate the process for redeeming codes making the whole thing a doddle. It’s not shipped yet, but we’re close.
```

### A/B TestHog

<BuiltBy people={["Ian Vanagas", "Juraj Majerik", "Lior Neu-ner"]} />

> ![A/B TestHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/abtesthog_e3f93c1afc.png)

Reviewer 2: Could we get a better screengrab that shows an output?

> Want to know how to improve your website but don’t know where to start? You need A/B TestHog. Enter a website URL, click ‘Analyze’ and an ingenious generative AI system will give you a bunch of recommendations for what A/B tests you might run to take your website to the next level. These are all expertly authored by an AI, and include the goal metrics, secondary metrics, and guardrail metrics and detailed instructions of what to change for your test.

Reviewer 2: Can we get this live @ivanagas? Would be cool if people could try it, even if it's "proof of concept".

### 10x terms

<BuiltBy people={["Cory Watilo", "Andy Vandervell", "Fraser Hopper"]} />

![Terms, PostHog style](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon_dpyay_53b6334a36.png)

Are you fed up with lawyers making everything so hard to understand? Are you fed up with those nerds in Brussels making us sign DPAs for everything? Not anymore! On PostHog.com, we’ve made all the legal stuff fun – and kept the lawyers happy.

First up, we summarized our [terms](/terms) and [privacy policy](/privacy) in plain English. You can still read the long, legal-y version, but it’s now way easier to understand what it actually means. And we didn’t stop there. 

Then we took on our data processing agreement, or DPA, to create a generator that makes this hugely exciting task even more fun. You can quickly populate your own form, select the data region, and, if you want, add some pizazz with fairy tale or Taylor Swift mode. DPA? [Try DPYAY!](/dpa)

### Managed Reverse Proxy

<BuiltBy people={["Frank Hamand"]} />

> Everyone loves ad-blockers. But, for a lot of our customers, they stop data from reaching PostHog. You can already deploy a reverse proxy to PostHog Cloud to get around this, but it’s a somewhat convoluted process that requires you to jump through 16 hoops and login to AWS. [Our docs on this are great](/docs/advanced/proxy), but Frank decided to build a better solution.
> 
> During the hackathon, he built the reverse proxy functionality right into PostHog. The option is tucked away in the PostHog settings. Simply add in any domain you control and the system will spit out a CNAME that you then need to set in your DNS provider. Wait a few seconds for the update to happen and voila, the reverse proxy is live.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Everyone loves ad-blockers. But, for a lot of our customers, they stop data from reaching PostHog. You can already deploy a reverse proxy to PostHog Cloud to get around this, but it’s a somewhat convoluted process that requires you to jump through 16 hoops and login to AWS. [Our docs on this are great](/docs/advanced/proxy), but Frank decided to build a better solution.

[SCREENSHOT HERE]

During the hackathon, he built the reverse proxy functionality right into PostHog. The option is tucked away in the PostHog settings. Simply add in any domain you control and the system will spit out a CNAME that you then need to set in your DNS provider. Wait a few seconds for the update to happen and voila, the reverse proxy is live.
```

### HERMES

<BuiltBy people={["Annika Schmid", "Simon Fisher", "Mine Kansu"]} />

At PostHog, we love speaking to our users. Maybe a bit too much. Right now, our master customer interviews doc is 382 pages long and contains almost 200 user interviews. It’s a great resource, but it’s getting a bit unwieldy. But now we’ve entered a bold new era of feedback management at PostHog thanks to HERMES, or, snappily, Holistic Evaluation Repository for Managing Enhancements and Suggestions.

> This is effectively a database of user interviews, showing who was interviewed, who they work for, what they do, how much they pay for PostHog, the products they talked to us about, and an AI-generated summary of our user interview notes. The database is searchable and you can easily add new interviews in a couple of clicks.
> 
> The database is linked right into PostHog, making it easy to see associated user and organization profiles. It’s also hooked into Vitaly, our customer success tool, to automatically pull in more customer and business information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is effectively a database of user interviews, showing who was interviewed, who they work for, what they do, how much they pay for PostHog, the products they talked to us about, and an AI-generated summary of our user interview notes. The database is searchable and you can easily add new interviews in a couple of clicks.

[SCREENSHOT HERE]

The database is linked right into PostHog, making it easy to see associated user and organization profiles. It’s also hooked into Vitaly, our customer success tool, to automatically pull in more customer and business information.
```

HERMES also uses ChatGPT to generate a summary of the features requested during the interview based on the human-authored interview notes. This makes it easy to share actionable feedback from users directly with the product team responsible for that feature. 

As part of the project, we also revamped our system for categorizing and tracking feature requests from customers, making it easier for us to see what people want and prioritize the most important product work.

### Data crunching

<BuiltBy people={["Sandy Spicer", "Tim Glaser"]} />

> ![Data crunching](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon_datacrunch_525d9e362b.png)

Reviewer 2: This screenshot doesn't have the actual stats on it.

Author: i'm not sure any of them do, actually? i've run a bunch of queries and it always just says 'crunching through hogloads of data.' will update the copy so it's accurate based on what's live.
<img width="1275" alt="Screenshot 2024-05-30 at 2 11 53 PM" src="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog.com/assets/162187331/b6c043a5-293c-44ca-8c04-d2d503110ad3">
ching through

Reviewer 2: Hmm, let me have a look....

Reviewer 2: ![Screenshot 2024-05-31 at 15 04 32](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog.com/assets/92976667/b76442ef-8a04-4d50-998c-fcc47a2cb0e9)

It just requires a more chunky one to make it work.

Author: ah ha! thanks, adding this in

In the future, the CLI could be expanded with more features such as creating surveys, and events, installing SDKs automatically, uploading debug symbols, using the CLI as a package, or even as a GitHub action. And, even better, you could do all of that with natural language, no need to memorize all commands by heart.

### 4 years at PostHog

<BuiltBy people={["Coua Phang", "Kendal Hall"]} />

We’re still a young company, but some of our wonderful team members have now been with us for four years or more. So we want to celebrate them. Coua and Kendal came up with a great anniversary gift scheme, meaning our longest-serving colleagues get something special to celebrate. 

This year, Marius, Eric, James G, Lottie, Charles, and Michael all celebrate four years at PostHog and will get to pick between a fancy luggage set (handy for traveling to all-team offsites and other PostHog meet-ups) or a James Hawkins-approved coffee machine.

### Forbidden secret project

<BuiltBy people={["Lior Neu-ner", "Annika Schmid", "Mine Kansu"]} />

> If a spinning globe of PostHog events doesn’t convince you we can sell to big enterprises, then our top-secret hackathon project absolutely will. If we ever ship it. Lior, Annika, and Mine use some generative AI magic to create some inspirational quotes from our fearless leader, James Hawkins. 
> 
> Soon, when you click on James’ face on our [careers page](https://posthog.com/careers) he’ll deliver some inspirational zingers that he may or may not have never actually said: “Success isn’t just about getting it right, it’s about crushing every misstep. Embrace the grind, celebrate the wins, and conquer the challenges. Challenges are just opportunities in disguise. Turn setbacks into comebacks and keep pushing forward.” Quick, someone get this on LinkedIn.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have a Slack channel called #do-more-weird for odd, fun ideas, and this hackathon project belongs there.

Head to the [careers page](https://posthog.com/careers) and click on James Hawkins' face for an inspirational surprise...
```

---
date: 2024-05-28

> title: What we built at our Mykonos hackathon

Author: ```suggestion
title: What we built at our windswept Mykonos hackathon
```

Here’s what we built in Mykonos.

![PostHog's 2024 offsite in Mykonos](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon1_e2aa8bd928.jpg)

## The presidential briefing

<BuiltBy people={['Charles Cook', 'Eric Duong', 'James Hawkins', 'James Temperton']} />

![The presidential briefing](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon_president_73aa5ced1a.png)

As PostHog grows as a company, keeping track of everything that’s happening will get harder. Yes, we [write everything down](/newsletter/remote-working) but that creates a lot of reading, and a lot of noise. The solution? An AI-generated briefing, tailored to each individual team member and their interests.

The presidential briefing was built by scraping PRs and issues from GitHub, along with Slack messages, and then training an LLM to understand what’s interesting and important. The bot then produces a pithy briefing that removes the noise and gives people just the information they need. 

> In future, we’d want to add more data sources and build it using Llama to avoid the need to send any data to external companies.

Author: ```suggestion
While just a proof-of-concept for now, if we were to ship it we’d want to add more data sources and build it using Llama to avoid the need to send any data to external companies.
```

### MykoLogs

<BuiltBy people={["Paul D'Ambra", "Tom Owers", "Ted Kaemming"]} />

> MykoLogs is a logging product that integrates with the existing PostHog SDKs, bringing backend logs straight into a shiny new product on PostHog. The best part? You can link backend logs to session recordings through the user’s session ID – letting you debug what was happening on the backend during your user's API requests. MykoLogs plays nicely with all other PostHog products, meaning logs and session replay are now BFFs. Debugging has never been this breezy!

Author: ```suggestion
MykoLogs is a logging product that integrates with the existing PostHog SDKs, bringing backend logs straight into a shiny new product on PostHog. It's internal-only for now, but could one day be made public. The best part? You can link backend logs to session recordings through the user’s session ID – letting you debug what was happening on the backend during your user's API requests. MykoLogs plays nicely with all other PostHog products, meaning logs and session replay are now BFFs. Debugging has never been this breezy!
```

### Our own programming language

<BuiltBy people={["Marius Andra", "Anirudh Pillai"]} />

> What’s cooler than having your own query language? Having your own general purpose programming language, of course. That’s literally what we built: PostHog’s first ever programming language, Hog. 

Author: ```suggestion
What’s cooler than having your own query language? Having your own general purpose programming language, of course. That’s literally what we built: PostHog’s first ever programming language, Hog. (Earlier versions of this name included Hög and Höge, but turns out we're anti-umlaut.)
```

Introducing RealTimeHog 3000, a [livestream](https://github.com/PostHog/livestream) service powering our first truly real-time view of user activity. The process is simple: 

1. Consume the raw events from the same Kafka topic as our ingestion service. 
2. Stream them to you ASAP using server-sent events. 

The lack of person data is a fair trade-off, because it doesn’t get more live than this. User activity appears within milliseconds of happening on the other side of the world.

Speaking of data being processed live, perhaps at some point you’ve wondered if PostHog actually scales, or just talks the talk. To dispel any doubts, we developed one extra feature: an anonymized stream of all events being captured globally, with only the geolocation included. Hundreds of thousands of events per minute, and they look great on a 3D globe on PostHog’s website, where each event is an arc from the user’s location to that of the relevant data center. Global scale, visualized for your pleasure.

> ![PostHog's 2024 hackathon in Mykonos](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon3_0be5647083.png)

Reviewer 2: Don't think this adds much, especially without the context of why we had a video call at an in-person event. Would be better to stick to pics / clips of demos.

> ![PostHog's 2024 hackathon in Mykonos](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon3_0be5647083.png)

Author: ```suggestion

```

### SupportHog

<BuiltBy people={["Dylan Martin", "Tiina Turban", "Marcus Hof", "Neil Kakkar"]} />

Our support flow currently uses Zendesk and that goes through email. This causes three problems: emails sometimes bounce, there are long delays in checking emails, and it’s really clunky to add other team members via Cc. Simply put, it’s not the most optimal flow. 

Imagine if instead users could view and respond to their open support tickets without ever having to leave PostHog – well, that's exactly what we built.

> But that's not all, if you're using Zendesk then you could, in the future, add this view to your customer-facing website with just a few clicks.

Author: ```suggestion
But that's not all, if you're using Zendesk then you could, in the future, add this view to your customer-facing website with just a few clicks. Like the sound of this project? [Check out our roadmap](https://posthog.com/roadmap) and vote for it.
```

HERMES also uses ChatGPT to generate a summary of the features requested during the interview based on the human-authored interview notes. This makes it easy to share actionable feedback from users directly with the product team responsible for that feature. 

As part of the project, we also revamped our system for categorizing and tracking feature requests from customers, making it easier for us to see what people want and prioritize the most important product work.

### Data crunching

<BuiltBy people={["Sandy Spicer", "Tim Glaser"]} />

![Data crunching](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon_datacrunch_525d9e362b.png)

PostHog crunches a lot of data – and sometimes queries can take a while to load. To help users better understand the hard work we’re doing when they make a query, we built a loading bar that shows statistics on the data we’re crunching, and the CPU we’re throwing at each query. The loading bar is fake right now (sorry!), but the data we show is very much real.

> ### VIP customer lookup
> 
> <BuiltBy people={["Simon Fisher"]} />
> 
> When a customer reports a problem, we want our engineers to get it fixed as soon as possible – but right now our engineers lack context on which customers to prioritize. Right now, they ping our customer success team on Slack for details on accounts. This isn’t good practice in an [async company](/newsletter/how-we-work-async), especially when this information is already written down somewhere.
> 
> Enter the VIP Customer Lookup bot. Ping this clever little Slackbot with any customer ID and it’ll return key details of any account, including the plan they are on, how much money they spend, and who on customer success looks after the account.

Author: ```suggestion

```

While just a proof-of-concept for now, if we were to ship it we’d want to add more data sources and build it using Llama to avoid the need to send any data to external services.

### MykoLogs

<BuiltBy people={["Paul D'Ambra", "Tom Owers", "Ted Kaemming"]} />

MykoLogs is a logging product that integrates with the existing PostHog SDKs, bringing backend logs straight into a shiny new product on PostHog. 

[IMAGE HERE OR GIF HERE]

The best part? You can link backend logs to session recordings through the user’s session ID – letting you debug what was happening on the backend during your user's API requests. MykoLogs plays nicely with all other PostHog products, meaning logs and session replay are now BFFs. Debugging has never been this breezy!

It's internal-only for now, but could one day be made public. 

### Our own programming language

<BuiltBy people={["Marius Andra", "Anirudh Pillai"]} />

What’s cooler than having your own query language? Having your own general purpose programming language, of course. That’s literally what we built: PostHog’s first ever programming language, Hog. (Earlier versions of this name included Hög and Höge, but turns out we're anti-umlaut.)

> Things moved fast the week after Mykonos: we split up the existing product analytics team and built a new team to productize Hog. We plan to use Hog to build our CDP and messaging products, and might even pivot the entire company around it. It was just another PostHog hackathon, no big deal. Stay tuned for the aftermath.

Author: ```suggestion
Things moved fast the week after Mykonos: we split up the existing product analytics team and built a new team to productize Hog. We plan to use Hog to build our CDP and messaging products, and might even pivot the entire company around it. 

Why are we building this? In the past, we’ve sometimes struggled to build UI fast enough for users to take advantage of new products that are ready to ship. Hog will mean anyone can drop down into hacker mode and get things done. We move fast. You move fast. Everyone is happy.

It was just another PostHog hackathon, no big deal. Stay tuned for the aftermath.
```

![HERMES](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hermes1_275dc08370.jpg)

The database is linked right into PostHog, making it easy to see associated user and organization profiles. It’s also hooked into Vitaly, our customer success tool, to automatically pull in more customer and business information.

HERMES also uses ChatGPT to generate a summary of the features requested during the interview based on the human-authored interview notes. This makes it easy to share actionable feedback from users directly with the product team responsible for that feature. 

As part of the project, we also revamped our system for categorizing and tracking feature requests from customers, making it easier for us to see what people want and prioritize the most important product work.

### Data crunching

<BuiltBy people={["Sandy Spicer", "Tim Glaser"]} />

![Data crunching](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon_datacrunch_525d9e362b.png)

> PostHog crunches a lot of data – and sometimes queries can take a while to load. To help users better understand the hard work we’re doing when they make a query, we built a loading bar that shows statistics on the data we’re crunching, and the CPU we’re throwing at each query. The loading bar is fake right now (sorry!), but the data we show is very much real.

Author: ```suggestion
PostHog crunches a lot of data – and sometimes queries can take a while to load. To help users better understand the hard work we’re doing when they make a query, we built a loading bar to give you a better idea of how long your query is going to take a load. If you feel the need for a quick distraction, you could also check out [Hedgehog mode 2.0](https://posthog.com/changelog/2024#hedgehog-mode-2.0-launched), which also recently shipped.
```

Introducing RealTimeHog 3000, a [livestream](https://github.com/PostHog/livestream) service powering our first truly real-time view of user activity. The process is simple: 

1. Consume the raw events from the same Kafka topic as our ingestion service. 
2. Stream them to you ASAP using server-sent events. 

[GIF / VIDEO CLIP HERE]

The lack of person data is a fair trade-off, because it doesn’t get more live than this. User activity appears within milliseconds of happening on the other side of the world.

Speaking of data being processed live, perhaps at some point you’ve wondered if PostHog actually scales, or just talks the talk. To dispel any doubts, we developed one extra feature: an anonymized stream of all events being captured globally, with only the geolocation included. 

![The PostHog globe](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Screenshot_2024_05_31_at_9_53_45_AM_86d275de54.png)

> Hundreds of thousands of events per minute, and they look great on a 3D globe on PostHog’s website, where each event is an arc from the user’s location to that of the relevant data center. Global scale, visualized for your pleasure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Millions of events per minute, and they look great on a 3D globe on PostHog’s website, where each event is an arc from the user’s location to that of the relevant data center. Global scale, visualized for your pleasure.
```

Speaking of data being processed live, perhaps at some point you’ve wondered if PostHog actually scales, or just talks the talk. To dispel any doubts, we developed one extra feature: an anonymized stream of all events being captured globally, with only the geolocation included. 

![The PostHog globe](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Screenshot_2024_05_31_at_9_53_45_AM_86d275de54.png)

Millions of events per minute, and they look great on a 3D globe on PostHog’s website, where each event is an arc from the user’s location to that of the relevant data center. Global scale, visualized for your pleasure.

## MykoLogs

<BuiltBy people={["Paul D'Ambra", "Tom Owers", "Ted Kaemming"]} />

MykoLogs is a logging product that integrates with the existing PostHog SDKs, bringing backend logs straight into a shiny new product on PostHog. 

The best part? You can link backend logs to session recordings through the user’s session ID – letting you debug what was happening on the backend during your user's API requests. MykoLogs plays nicely with all other PostHog products, meaning logs and session replay are now BFFs. Debugging has never been this breezy!

> [IMAGE HERE OR GIF HERE]

Author: ```suggestion
![MykoLogs](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/mykologs_5699a50b6c.gif)

```

This is effectively a database of user interviews, showing who was interviewed, who they work for, what they do, how much they pay for PostHog, the products they talked to us about, and an AI-generated summary of our user interview notes. The database is searchable and you can easily add new interviews in a couple of clicks.

![HERMES](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hermes1_275dc08370.jpg)

The database is linked right into PostHog, making it easy to see associated user and organization profiles. It’s also hooked into Vitaly, our customer success tool, to automatically pull in more customer and business information.

HERMES also uses ChatGPT to generate a summary of the features requested during the interview based on the human-authored interview notes. This makes it easy to share actionable feedback from users directly with the product team responsible for that feature. 

As part of the project, we also revamped our system for categorizing and tracking feature requests from customers, making it easier for us to see what people want and prioritize the most important product work.

## Data crunching

<BuiltBy people={["Sandy Spicer", "Tim Glaser"]} />

> ![Data crunching](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hackathon_datacrunch_525d9e362b.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Data crunching](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/datacrunch1_7ab73f5ab4.jpg)
```
